all right what's going on everyone
welcome back to the channel i'll be
giving you guys three reasons why i
think dexter is one of the best shows of
all time these reasons aren't going to
be in any particular order
so the first reason is the setting the
setting for dexter plays a crucial role
in establishing the show set in miami
dexter has countless memorable moments
where the environment and miami
backdrops come alive
from the dense miami swamps filled with
alligators to rainstorms or the miami
nightlife that both dexter and the
characters interact with in season 8
hurricane laura plays a crucial role
in multiple seasons characters go
through downtown miami giving a good
glimpse into the food and culture
interesting side characters
something that puts dexter above and
beyond as its perfectly cast side
characters with some being so well acted
that they are much more
in just the first few episodes you meet
bautista legueta matsuka rita and harry
batista is a great friend who mass pain
well as he is misunderstood amongst his
peers at first and is much more than the
partier he seems to be
laguerda in many ways is the villain of
the show after clashing with the main
characters
or directly or indirectly she is a great
character to hate although
there's many
scenes and
countless times that
she's loved
in the show you know what i mean like
she's a great villain but
she uh she plays both parts very well
just phenomenal acting
matsuka is literally one of the funniest
characters in tv history finding a way
to be both weird and hilarious in the
best way
rita's dexter's main love interest and
despite her charming exterior has many
problems she has to deal with including
an abusive ex who is in prison
and raising two young kids
as well as you know a relationship with
the serial killer
my favorite side character though is
harry morgan dexter's father
harry takes dexter in at a young age and
is an essential and dexter's lifeline to
normalcy as without him
dexter most likely would have succumbed
to his darkness as a child or ended up
in prison
and just
without harry dexter probably wouldn't
have made it very far
so the last reason i think that dexter
is one of the best shows of all time is
how it incorporates its flashbacks
flashbacks are a part of many shows but
no shows use flashbacks as well as
dexter did
when using them to tell the audience
crucial parts of the character's life
from suppressed memories to the series
long visions dexter has of deceased
friends and relatives they're truly
phenomenal
i think one of my favorite flashbacks in
the entire show it's a very simple one
but
dexter he often talks to his father
and this is of course is after his
father's died many years ago he has
visions of his father and
it's during one of the thanksgiving
episodes they're
all gathered around and they're just
having dinner and harry appears and he
just kind of gives dexter a knot of
approval
as dexter smiles on and it's just a
kind of a wholesome moment
and just
the
characters such so well acted
harry morgan's character so
yeah the flashbacks are phenomenal and
it's not just harry it's multiple
characters
and uh that's why i wanted to put
flashbacks it's kind of a separate
category because
uh
although harry is the main one
who the flashbacks involve it does
involve other characters like dexter's
brother and
just
awesome stuff so very well done by the
by the show
so that's gonna be it for this episode i
just wanted to
you know list a few things why i thought
dexter was one of the best shows ever i
can't wait for the new season
uh if you guys like this leave a comment
and subscribe like all that stuff that
helps the algorithm and i'll be putting
out some more shows or some more
episodes about dexter some random stuff
so i'll see you guys next time